do you want to learn how to write
content that ranks well in google even
after google's next algorithm update hey
everyone i'm neil patel and today i'm
going to break down how to write content
that ranks in 2022's crazy seo landscape
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
i have a question for you
have you got impacted by google's latest
algorithm update the last one if you saw
your traffic increase let me know in the
comments below if you saw your traffic
increase and if you know the percentages
let me know by how much and if you saw a
decrease let us know if you got a
decrease and by what percentage and if
you did anything to try to counteract
that let us know as well again we're
doing this so my team and i can help you
combat your decreases and help you gain
and get more
so look it comes down to seven simple
steps when it comes to writing content
that works well in the future google
one focus on helping your readers
overcome a specific problem see when
people write content they're just like
oh
let me do the keyword research and we
have tools like uber says that help you
do the keyword research but it's not
just about writing content that gets
traffic it's about helping people solve
their problems for example if i have a
site that sells ties and i have an
article that teaches you how to tie thai
there's windsor knot there's normal
knots you know i don't know all the ways
to tie a tie
but the article be short to the point
maybe have videos maybe animated gifs
because you want to really help solve
their problem as quick as possible and
that's what's going to help you rank
better for future google algorithm
updates again it's not just about
writing content that people are
searching for it's about solving their
problems and that user intent aligns
which will help your rankings in the
long run number two spend 40 of your
time on your headline eight out of 10
people will read your headline but only
two out of 10 will click through and
read the rest of the article
that's the power of writing an amazing
headline you can get more than two out
of 10 people to actually click through
and read the rest of your article so
really focus on writing attractive
headlines this doesn't mean writing
quick baby headlines but it does mean
evoking curiosity for example the seven
benefits of green tea number six will
shock you whoa number six will shock you
what's number six
that's the kind of stuff i'm talking
about it's not all about shoving in
keywords and it's not being about being
clickbaity it's about actually providing
the value number six shouldn't shock
people if it's not that great and you
shouldn't use that headline if you're
writing something on green tea and your
number six point isn't that useful but
if it is then you're good to go and you
can use tools like uber says to come up
with good headlines whenever you type a
keyword into uber's suggests
you'll see a report on the left-hand
navigation called content ideas these
are all the articles i've done well on
facebook and pinterest and other social
networks look at that share account
that'll give you idea of what will work
and what won't work number three anchor
your main topic to the keywords that
have the highest significant search
volume in other words your keywords
should be related to that main topic
that you're writing about so for example
if i'm writing an article on seo i may
have other keywords that are anchoring
with it such as on-page seo
you know optimizing load time for seo
content writing for seo seo for
e-commerce all these keywords can get
tons and trends of traffic and you want
to build one more thorough piece of
content versus having lots of little
ones and that's what i'm saying look at
your main keyword and make sure your
other keywords complement it and are
anchoring with it
four build your content outline based on
what's working for competitors and
the most relevant keywords you can find
because look
you don't have to reinvent the wheel
whatever you're writing content on do a
search on google you'll see the people
who are number one two three go all the
way down to ten see what they're doing
and for
you know for fun sake actually go to
page three or four of google and look at
the
pages that are ranking on page three or
four
see what they're not doing compared to
the people that are ranking at the top
it'll give you an idea of what the top
ten people are doing and what you should
be emulating doesn't mean you should
copy them but you should go above and
beyond they'll be missing some points
they may not be as updated they may not
be talking about the latest and greatest
and you want to be doing that so you can
rank better and use that to your
advantage
five offer practical and actionable
advice no one wants to read something
and be like huh
that was a waste of time i didn't get
anything out of that they want to read
your article and be like wow the article
from neil just got me fired up i'm going
to go out there and work on increasing
my seo traffic that's the kind of
enthusiasm you want when you're writing
articles and i remember when
i was doing research years ago on how to
install a bidet toilet
in my home because i don't want to pay
someone to do it i was doing research on
it and i found this article on how stuff
works and it just told me how to install
a toilet and had nothing to do with the
bidet or electrical systems or anything
like that i'm like
this is useful i'm never going back to
this side again you don't want people to
have that experience
six
do internal linking to other relevant
content pieces on your website
i want you to avoid excessive anchor
text when you're doing the optimization
or internal linking and only add
internal links that make sense in your
long-term content if it makes sense to
link out two three times or four times
or ten times that's fine do whatever
makes sense don't obsess about the
anchor text and do this with your older
articles and your articles
seven nail the basic on-page seo from
title tags to metadata to image alt text
the first few paragraphs your h2 tags
even your url structures and if you're
not sure on how to nail that just go to
ubercs.com type in your url and go to
the site audit report it'll tell you all
the elements that are off with your off
on page seo and it'll tell you them in
order of which ones to fix first second
third fourth and it'll prioritize which
ones will have the biggest impact on
your seo and just make sure that you fix
them in order and after you do you can
recrawl your site or page to just double
check to make sure everything was fixed
now if you need help with your seo check
out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
people about it thank you for watching